Yep.
Welcome back.
And now we understand the most easiest approach there is, which is that because they approach, I bet
that this this is very easy and you easily like grasp it that it goes off goes this is also very gauzy
approach, but we are doing it in a tabulation form.
This is also a recursive relation here that we saw this part.
But here I will make another type of deep state which is just a reverse of this and we will see that.
How does it work?
A What say is now I simply say that okay, f of zero zero is my answer.
That means.
That tells me that.
F of 18.
It's great idea.
And then.
Providing means that.
What is the length of the longest form and subsequently the length of it?
If.
As from I will end and j from.
But different.
Didn't and is being considered.
I hope you're getting this.
That means if I'm considering the last.
Last part.
Right.
So instead of prefix consideration, I'm having the suffix consideration right now.
I'm just going opposite order.
Right.
So let's eliminate these sounds.
I am x, y, z a b vi xp
exybebyx8.
So initially is what we'll say is okay, give me the answer from this particular location.
It is if I is equal to zero and J is equal to zero, then give me the collision rate.
So this is, this is this should be my final answer.
F of zero zero.
Right by because x of zero to n is the whole string and p of zero to end is all distinct.
Right?
So I hope it doesn't confuse you.
So right now we're going in opposite order.
Earlier, what we had in the abolition approach, we had the answer in the last place, which is f of.
And Game eight.
But now it's just the opposite.
So.
In this.
What we'll do is we think that we're standing somewhere in the middle.
We are not standing in the in the first place or we're not standing the last place where we think that
we are standing somewhere in the middle.
If we are standing somewhere in the middle, what options do I have?
So let's do that.
So let's say this is it goes to zero.
This is the goes to zero.
And what options do I have?
So the options that I have is the first option is.
Other.
If I want to include both these characters into my longest comment subsequent in both of them.
Both of them have to be equal, right?
The first is to include.
But.
Characters.
What if I include both these characters in the longest comments up sequence?
Then I would simply say included Please give me the longest comment.
Subsequent switches from this remaining things.
Hey.
Which is f i plus one common g plus one normalize.
If if I'm including both the characters, they have to be equal.
Eight.
So the answer simply lies here that.
Included both of them.
Give me what is the longest moments of sequence from these two places?
Normal pain and this recording functional itself.
Doing so, we are only considering one transition here.
Now this is the first option we have.
What is the part of the second option is what is the second?
The next option then are equal.
If then are then and we won't include them in my longest subsequent because they are not equal, because
we are saying it is the longest common subsequent rate.
Common means that they both have to be equal included into my sequence.
What I'll do is I won't include them in the way of sequence.
So if I'm not including, that means exclude.
The characters.
Eight.
If I'm excluding a character, what does it mean?
I can edit, exclude it, I can edit, exclude this, or I can exclude both of them.
So right now, both of these characters are equal.
So let me take another example, which is, let's say X and Y.
Hey, so they considered about this particular things or this these two things and what other options
do I have?
And they don't include this X or don't include this.
But hey, so if I don't include this X, what does it mean?
What is the longest common subsequent if I don't include this x?
From the remaining string and the wasting.
The answer is simple.
It is f i bluesman vi why I'm doing I bluesman because right now I use over here I plus one is over
here.
That means I'm talking about this thing now that I'm not including X, but tell me what are the longest
common subsegments from the forward thing?
So basically it's just a problem.
And tell me what is the longest common subsequent from this particular string, which is.
So here I'm including I'm trying to include this way, but I'm actually trying to exclude one x.
Okay.
So here the recursive solution we have is a plus one and G.
So yeah, I haven't moved G forward because I'm only excluding X.
From the longest comment subsequent eight is.
If I exclude.
The.
This character, which is that the Edith character.
Right.
Right now is over here, days away here.
So what I did was the length of the longest comments I've seen of both these things can be either exclude
X or exclude Y.
I'd exclude both of them.
Okay, so let's exclude Y.
What does it mean that it doesn't move forward?
Right.
Because it still s is this thing only and I'm only excluding y.
So if I exclude y, I just I'm just worried about the forward part of it.
And I'm saying you can't take this thing and tell me where the third longest common subsequent is,
because this cannot be included.
So here I have a fourth icon, my plus one.
And what was the third approach?
The third approach was very simple and it was f off.
And that is exclude both of them.
Okay.
So if I'm excluding both of them, that means.
The.
Tell me the answer.
What?
This thing and this thing.
So this is simply FFI five plus one day plus the whatever is a maximum of these three characters.
I take them?
What is whatever is the maximum of these three values?
I simply included into my current answer, which is f if I got my g i we are getting this if I and g
and then include both of them into my longest common six subsequent.
So it will be one plus something.
I would exclude this or this.
I exclude both of them.
Right now, some of you might be worried about this particular statement that how come this statement
is being included?
Well, I hope you remember about.
I talked about optimal substructure.
What is an optimal substructure?
That means we don't want to go on those places which are unnecessary for us.
Right.
Why?
Why is it unnecessary wise if I plus one comedy plus one unnecessary in this case because case whenever
f I plus one G's being called whenever f of libelous when Jay's been called.
And these are.
Then this f of eight plus one j will automatically consider f of five plus one g.
In itself.
Okay.
So let's say this function was this particular part was being called.
And then in this he excluded the Jones character, so he will simply go left by Brisbane.
The Brisbane implied otherwise f of I go major plus one which is f I go Brisbane you know, also considered
the I Brisbane to Brisbane part.
Why?
Because.
What is?
I'm a jobless one.
It means I'm excluding the budget character.
If I've excluded this, then in the next particular iteration, in the next particular recursion in
F, if I go my depression, this can be called which is F of I plus one comedy +18.
So basically the third is kind of.
One less to say that this this was called and then this was called within itself.
Right.
Or let's take it in the reverse order.
It can be that what's called an end to this one was quite late, so it's basically one plus two.
So we don't have to worry about this transition.
It's kind of a two step transition that we are not including this and not including this.
We just have to worry about one step transition that let's not included in the next record this stack
when in four, five plus one, he will automatically consider it.
Let's not call this the.
Let's not include that idiot who.
If I'm.
It's like don't include the first part, don't include the second part or I can click on it.
It's just to avoid one extra recursive call.
We are.
We don't need it.
Right?
It's not optimal.
Subsection, of course, that you can call it will work.
I'm not saying it won't work.
It will work great, but it's not optimally optimal to use this one.
I'm just explaining this because this is the correct recursive approach.
Right.
And why is this not included?
Because it is already considered an F of one g and this will already be considered and therefore it
will already be considered.
So it's kind of two steps deeper, not one step deeper.
Eight.
So.
Let's go to this part.
Let's do let's start with the recursive approach and then we'll trace back from the recursive approach
itself.
So what we're doing is in give.
Longish comment subsequent.
Eight.
And here I am, Angie.
So simply.
Let's copy.
One input.
So here we have being S and E.
Let's also take and compare.
And it's in both the strings as e and he goes to his large size Emmy goes to the size.
Yeah.
And I will simply say that the length or let's not take the length.
And okay and is equals to give and see is and what I'll have is I'll have S&P to be passed on over here.
So this will give me the land of dentists.
What was the cases that I have?
If as I is equals to a teacher, then it is.
Simply, let's say, answer.
Initially, let's call it zero.
And so it goes to max off answer karma or whatever I'm getting from the forward part.
If both of them are equal, it is simply give Celsius.
I plus one comedy +18 because I'm including both these characters into Miles's.
Otherwise it is max off on the coma.
We have three things that are onset of coma, so I don't think that we are getting Max to its remove
Max.
Eight because it is a four.
Here I have Max of two things which are.
I pledge one day.
I go 20 zipless.
Now.
I assume you didn't answer.
Well.
So it is given to us plus one because we including it.
They are normal, small code.
And now we have tried the best cases rate.
But before checking I and what we have to make sure that I enjoy within the limits which is I should
realize any less than N and j should be less than it.
So just making some basic cases Isaac was doing.
And.
Daisy goes to him.
What does it mean?
Both of them are on their I'm guessing they are on the envelope with the strings and simply red and
zero because they are on them destroying.
And the.
Okay.
Working with us.
It can be a case though.
The second best case can we.
I is within the limit, but does equal to him.
Okay.
So if I.
If Daisy were to him, what I would simply do is I simply.
Return zero again because he's empty.
And if Isaac was to end, that means again.
Eyes on the end of se.
I simply didn't even hate.
So what does this mean?
What do these three base cases mean?
That they can be combined together?
So if Isaiah was to win or Jay-Z goes to him, it was simply written.
Well, because if one of them gets empty or both of them gets empty, the longest common subsequent
would be zero.
Okay.
So that's the normal biscuits case that we have then will simply form that it goes in relation and have
it answer and then will simply didn't answer.
So no magic works in the goal.
Okay, so not S&M or passing the strings will take a lot of time to parse them.
Let's.
The elderly.
So the lender, the longest Goldman Sachs thing is three in this case.
So I hope you got this.
Include or exclude.
These are the two guesses.
Eight.
And after this, what we need to do is.
Very simply, we need to trace back rates.
I'm tracing back integration and I already knew how to trace back in the tabulation approach, which
you can easily do they.
So let's say let's write a function called Trace Back eight and this function will actually form will
give me a string and I'll simply be like rendered string, right?
So let's see, let's make a third string called resultant and now let's say is back.
Right.
And it stays back from zero zero.
Know how to.
It is very good.
It's the trace back function is exactly similar to this.
DB Functionally, it will have the same arguments, but it will just.
But yeah, it will just go in one particular direction.
We're not going all the directions as it's going here.
It will just go in one particular direction.
Okay.
So what, what what how will it work if say is a good strategic.
So just simply.
Trace back to.
I go, my dear.
Plus one in both the cases.
And if this is the case, I simply return, not zero.
Just simply read him.
Otherwise, if this is the case, that means there's trace back here and in resultant.
Just upend this character, which I'm thinking in the longest comment subsequent so which is essay and
we address they shortage.
I'm just upending it.
If they're not equal.
Where do I need to go?
So here.
I'll have two guesses.
If.
This is the.
If this video is a plus one JS the case then I'll simply go and trace back from my bliss when there
was originally going to be from comedy plus one night.
So if.
If Alcaeus, which is a plus one comedy is equal to.
Give and see is a committee.
That means if the current value which was being found what came from this particular location, that
is I going to replace one and simply place back a plus one go my g rate as it is back to.
I commend zipless.
Well, it's just very simple.
If they were equal, then of course the answer did come from this place.
I presume the obvious one.
If they were not equal, then I had two options.
So if the answer came from a plus one comedy, that was the maximum among two of I plus ones in I comedy
plus one if it was maximum justice back to this place, otherwise stays back to this place normal rate
and whenever I'm just including I get it down is simply a binding in the resultant eight.
So let's simply see out resultant.
Be right.
It'll be fine.
It can be.
Can also be done.
So we can also be dance in a.
So what's happening in yoga is I'm simply adding a character at the end of the resident.
So it's kind of.
Yeah.
It's going to give you giving me a.
It's kind of like giving me an opposite solution vibe because I'm going into It's breakfast and then
I remember it.
That means it's going in the recursive approach and it's going into a recursion, and when it's coming
back, it is then upending into the return, which is already modified.
So it's simply upended before calling trees back.
Right.
So now, as you can see, I got the baby by.
Why is this happening?
It was.
What?
I'm upending it in the results and then I'm going to make a dent further.
Characters will be upended after bending the current character, and I'm already moving forward.
What happened was I first called his back and then I opened it when I called Chris back.
All the other characters were appended to it and then this character was ending at the end of it.
So that's why it was the reverse.
Eight So I've got this.
And now there's just one last thing, which is this is normal recursion and I want to memorize it.
So how can I mean, what is it?
What are the arguments?
They're independent arguments that I committee made.
So just so let's just memorize it from a comedy perspective itself.
So let's call memo.
And.
And so this.
Let's take this to be.
3008.
And before calling it Sears latest memo stated.
Right.
So some of you might be wondering, why am I giving you that?
Because if called by I giving, I'm very much trying to form the recursive relation again.
I'm not doing that in just for my ease of explanation that I'm taking this because I've got.
Which will.
Because it's already calculated it will directly return back to the memorization rate.
So what happens here is I say I is equal to memorizing.
And yeah.
So if answer is not equal to minus one, it's simply written answer.
Otherwise, if it is minus one, it will be modified do and it will be returned.
Well, so this should work according to me.
And it's related again.
Yeah, maybe.
Let's take some other examples.
For some of you, this approach might be easier.
Hey.
What all transitions get to me and that include both of them are don't include any of them.
If I'm not learning any of them, then what other means of not including them?
So.
And that's it.
It is.
We have doubly, I think, answered it.
And from Izzard point of view, we will have.
Hmm.
Missing.
And it's submitted.
And check it's working or not.
So I'm not quitting the.
What do we call it?
Yeah, the tabulation form.
I'm not trying to call it out.
I'm leaving that to you.
With that, you could do it by making a table.
It's that easy already explaining to do just some analysis.
And then you have to trace back.
While using using bi loops made.
So.
Yeah, so completely executed.
Correct answer.
Great.
So I hope you have understood how to trace back.
I like in a better way and by tracing my only you can understand dynamic programming led to your solving
when problem you're not able to do it just.
See someone solution in the table.
Entry is back.
Where is it coming from?
And then you can understand that.
Yes.
Now that you understand, what's the logic behind it?
Well, go.
Thank you, everyone.
In the next block.